README.md, before:

# dumbManager
A dumb Password Manager using Windows Forms and C#


# Features:
- Offline Password Manger
- Password Generator

# ToDo:

Password Manager:
- fix Close After Inactivity
- start on logon
- create Updater exe
- add Password Gen Button to EditItem
- add search by (Dropdown menu/button)
- export, import file
- add file encryption/upload(enc link to local/online file)
- online sync to e.g. personal Dropbox account
- Failsafe if too much deleted
- change password (https://github.com/sqlcipher/sqlcipher)
- enter TOTP codes (https://gist.github.com/BravoTango86/9ebb578fa4df3a0ffed28bd634f8f3c0)
- encrypted files attachments
- PGP messaging + automatic Singning

Settings:
- lock after 10/15min (https://stackoverflow.com/questions/45146043/c-sharp-automatically-close-a-form-after-x-minutes)


Online: 
- first sync function
- download file, use local update file to update the downloaded one




Mobile: (in the future)
- dont allow screenshots
- gray screen when going into app view
- biometrics?


firefox addon: (in the far future if everything else goes right)

Commit message:

added Startmenu and Startup entries

README.md, after:

# dumbManager
A dumb Password Manager using Windows Forms and C#


# Features:
- Offline Password Manger
- Password Generator
- Start On Startup 
- Create Start Menu Entry (Start as Admin to be able to activate it in the Settings)


# ToDo:

Password Manager:
- add higher res icon
- create Updater exe
- add Password Gen Button to EditItem
- add search by (Dropdown menu/button)
- export, import file
- add file encryption/upload(enc link to local/online file)
- online sync to e.g. personal Dropbox account
- Failsafe if too much deleted
- change password (https://github.com/sqlcipher/sqlcipher)
- enter TOTP codes (https://gist.github.com/BravoTango86/9ebb578fa4df3a0ffed28bd634f8f3c0)
- encrypted files attachments
- PGP messaging + automatic Singning

Online: 
- first sync function
- download file, use local update file to update the downloaded one




Mobile: (in the future)
- dont allow screenshots
- gray screen when going into app view
- biometrics?


firefox addon: (in the far future if everything else goes right)
